Creating a record of the story of our connectIOT studio process


RHV begins 10-2011
weather station and remote 
system monitoring for Michaels ranch 
house in the hills. While he was staying at 
my cabin we were trying to avoid rough weather.
many good parameters revealed themselves quickly:
satelite is not robust enough.
automatic chicken doors need a lot of infrastructure
snow collects on the solar panels, as well as the satellite and the
weather monitor.

Connection to earlier work with superstruct and iftf becomes part of the project
ubicomp and QR code related to visually embedded information

beginning of virtualization project


abracadabra 5-2012 studio in Eureka established with the intention of building out some ideas
for the internet of things. We constructed the first Peggy and peggy2 and very quickly discovered
that there was no real way to run them from the reaspberry pi
or arduino sets that we had.
smart object api
realized we needed to relocate to silicon valley.

OSIOT 10-2012 started the community meetup with the intention of encouraging
open source as an appropriate strategy for interoperability.

defacto/osiot.org consortium project attempt 3-9 2012

Sunnyvale office 4-2012 we established the 1281 lawrence station rd office in sunnyvale.

iotorium 4-2012 working towards a template or vision of a community
working process to actually integrate IOT into communities in a 
meaningful and useful way.
exploration of how t develop the idea with some help from ATMEL.

connectIOT 11-2013 vertical stack integration as an overriding studio strategy.
distributed as a method and a platform captured our imagination by
Dec 2013 we had decided to locate ourselves pretty much entirely on GitHub.
connectIOT strategy is leaning toward education and outreach for many of
the basic concepts of IOT.

IOT101 as a method of also distributing new hardware prototypes

3D printing as an entry point, creating a collaborative project that shares files
and allows some ludic spray around a standard size for fgures and toys (use existing metrics)
investigation of outsourcing of 3D process and pipeline including composite objects.
